Martinh/cctp vs wtt (#584)
wormhole-foundation/wormhole-docs: products/cctp-bridge/overview.md

!!! note 
    For a cross-chain transfer to be successful, both the source and destination chains must be among those supported by [Circle's CCTP](https://developers.circle.com/cctp/supported-domains){target=\_blank}.

## CCTP vs Wrapped Token Transfers (WTT)

> | Aspect | CCTP (native USDC) | WTT (wrapped tokens) |

Reviewer: Do you use vs code? If so, follow up question, do you have the [markdown table formatter](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fcrespo82.markdown-table-formatter) extension? Highly recommend getting it and using it to format these tables.

Reviewer: Wdyt about renaming "Aspect" to "Feature"? Or maybe "Criteria" or some other alternative. We use both of these in the Compare Products page tables.

Author: I just downloaded the table formatter, love it! thanks haha

|---|---|---|
| Supported assets | Circle-issued USDC | Standards-compliant tokens (e.g., ERC-20, SPL) |
| Mechanism | Burn on source, mint on destination | Lock on source, mint wrapped on destination |
| Result on destination | Native USDC | Wormhole-wrapped token |

> | Payload | Optional payload; executed on the destination when USDC is minted | Transfer with payload; executed by the recipient contract during redemption |

Reviewer: Aren't they both optional? And both support "Transfer with payload"?

| Use it for | Native USDC between CCTP-enabled chains | Non-USDC assets, or USDC when CCTP isn't supported on the destination |

Check the [CCTP Supported Networks](/docs/products/cctp-bridge/reference/supported-networks/){target=\_blank} to see which routes are available.

> ## When to use CCTP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## When to Use CCTP
```

> - Use CCTP when sending USDC between [CCTP-enabled chains](/docs/products/cctp-bridge/reference/supported-networks/){target=\_blank}. This route appears only if both chains support Circle CCTP and the asset is native USDC.
> - Use CCTP with a payload when you want the destination contract to run logic as the USDC is minted on the target chain. 
> - If you only need to send data without moving USDC, use [Messaging](/docs/products/messaging/overview/){target=\_blank}.
> - If the destination isn't CCTP-enabled for USDC, the transfer routes via [WTT](/docs/products/token-bridge/overview/){target=\_blank}. You can still include a payload that the recipient contract executes during redemption.

Reviewer: Maybe this can be cleaned up slightly

```suggestion
CCTP is the right choice in the following situations:

- **Sending USDC between [CCTP-enabled chains](/docs/products/cctp-bridge/reference/supported-networks/){target=\_blank}**: This route appears only if both chains support Circle CCTP and the asset is native USDC.
- **Sending USDC with an attached payload**: The destination contract can execute logic as the tokens are minted on the target chain.

For other transfers, consider these options:

- **Data-only transfers without moving USDC**: Use [Messaging](/docs/products/messaging/overview/){target=\_blank}.
- **Destinations without CCTP support**: The transfer routes via [WTT](/docs/products/token-bridge/overview/){target=\_blank}, with the option to include a payload executed on redemption.
```
